hey what's going on everybody this is
Chris Alba here at Metro flex Jim Long
Beach I'm in the speak ring I got a
question here from Nick it says uh it's
real good question
all nutritional bullshit aside macros
calorie counting supplements all that
stuff does any of this seriously matter
if someone works their asses off six
days a week in the gym and just simply
eats lean meat and rice and doesn't
count intake of protein carbs fat and
getting big what do you think about Kali
muscle and his top ramen and - blood
drink can someone eat whatever they want
and get a good body um Nick that's a
really good fuckin question and what I
got at first I'm gonna address the top
ramen I I understand where Cali muscles
coming from I understand what he's
trying to say when he was in prison and
when you are in prison you don't have a
whole lot of resources available so when
you want a quick source of carbohydrates
and protein Tom Harmon and tuna fish
right now if that's all that's available
to you then by all means that's what you
got to do you got to do what you got to
do you got to use the resources
available to you to get where you what
you want and that's what he did now what
I would say is for you on the outside
world you have a lot more resources
available to you now regardless the fact
of whether you're top ramen and tuna
fish will make big which i think is
debatable
I gotta say that top ramen is not a
fucking healthy meal
it is not fucking healthy at all right
because in addition of mighty buildings
we're supposed to be doing this for
fitness - right so when I try to put
things into my body to try to make
myself big I try to take the thing that
I know is gonna be the healthiest and
gonna give me the biggest bang for my
buck so I choose to eat organic meats
and sweet details now I know that
everybody can't afford that but that the
reason why I do that is because it's my
best possible choice you being on the
outside there's a lot of other choices
besides top ramen and tuna fish and so
the other thing I gotta say is that I
was in fucking grad school and his PhD
student the fucking poor and I've been
poor as fuck in my life like up until
recently couldn't afford a cup of coffee
port and so what you gotta understand is
that I've done the top ramen and tuna
fish thing in it made me fucking skin
like skinny skinny fat I was fuckin grad
student I'm pretty dark I would you know
I was like one of those fucking got kids
that you see wearing the mascara and
shit like that not I never wore a
fucking mascara but what I'm saying you
is it's not the best fucking choice it's
absolutely unhealthy it's for people who
don't have anything else okay yeah it's
cheap but it's not gonna get you where
you want to go the other thing is this
so the first part of your question if
you just eat clean meat and rice and
work your ass off yeah man that's gonna
be better than you can process food the
basic rule that you want to follow is to
eat whole unprocessed foods okay that's
the basic level of nutrition that you
need to be at if you want to find any
success at all okay you should have a
protein source at every meal you should
have a carbohydrate source at the meal
surrounding your workouts and you should
have a little bit of fat toward the end
of your day those are the basic rules
now bébé take this to different levels
you keep it at that level if you're just
trying to get muscular and look a little
bit better whole non-processed foods
concentrating on protein have some
carbohydrates close to your workouts get
some good fats in your body that's the
basic thing that'll make you look better
if you're not doing that already if you
want to take it up a level then that's
when you need to look at your calories
and your macronutrients because if
you're looking to get shredded then that
comes down to a very precise set of
things that you need to do now some
people are gonna get naturally straight
just by doing that me myself I need to
do a few things in order to be able to
get shredded I need to measure my food
out I need to tie my things out and to
compete the show I need to peak now
that's all up to what you want not
everybody on here is going to want to
compete
some people just want to get more
muscular some people just want to get
more lean so there's different things
that you're gonna need to do with your
carbohydrates and things like that but
some people can just you know eat Whole
Foods and be fine
if you want to take it up a level then
and you want to get to the absolute most
shredded muscular physique possible then
yeah absolutely
you're gonna need to measure some food
out you're gonna need to calculate you
need to so that's my take on this if you
guys got any questions hit me up at
getting your shredded at gmail.com
please subscribe to the getting your
shredded channel for more great
information tell your friends about us
hit me up on Facebook hit me up on
Instagram I'm all over the fucking place
I fucking love you guys
I want to take all your questions answer
every fucking thing and fucking have it
like a big fucking question or dude all
over the fucking place but have a good
day talk to y'all later